Added World ID state replication technical reference (#7)
rarimo/docs: docs/reference/world-id-state-replication.mdx

---
sidebar_label: World ID State Replication
---

# World ID State Replication

This page contains technical resources related to the World ID State Replication.

## Identity Relayer

This service replicates identity states on demand.
It should be called before submitting proof on the destination chain.

For the full implementation, see our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/rarimo/worldcoin-relayer-svc).

> For more information about API, see [Identity transfers (opens in a new tab)](https://rarimo.github.io/rarimo-core/docs/common/bridging/002-identity.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about API, see [Identity transfers](https://rarimo.github.io/rarimo-core/docs/common/bridging/002-identity.html).
```

It's normal, not need to warn the user :)

- `_beforeProofValidation()` — hook that should be executed before the `verifyProof(...)`;
- `_afterProofValidation()` — hook that gets executed after the `verifyProof(...)` call;

Full implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/rarimo/worldid-integration-contracts/blob/master/contracts/Verifier.sol).

### `SemaphoreVerifier`

<!-- TODO: add Deployments -->

This contract is responsible for verifying the ZKP.
It has some necessary math functions, constants, and the primary `verifyProof(...)` function.
It allows proofs to be verified in uncompressed or compressed form.
Usually, uncompressed form is used, see [this](https://2π.com/23/bn254-compression) for further explanation.

#### Interface

```solidity
contract SemaphoreVerifier is ISemaphoreVerifier {

    /* ... */

    function verifyCompressedProof(
        uint256[4] calldata compressedProof,
        uint256[4] calldata input
    ) public view {
        // ...
    }

    function verifyProof(uint256[8] calldata proof, uint256[4] calldata input) public view {
        // ...
    }
}
```

- `verifyCompressedProof(...)` —  verifies a compressed proof;
- `verifyProof(...)` — verifies an uncompressed proof;

> Full implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/rarimo/worldid-integration-contracts/blob/master/contracts/vendor/worldcoin/world-id-contracts/SemaphoreVerifier.sol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full implementation, see [SemaphoreVerifier.sol](https://github.com/rarimo/worldid-integration-contracts/blob/master/contracts/vendor/worldcoin/world-id-contracts/SemaphoreVerifier.sol).
```
I want to introduce this style of references into our docs:
https://developers.google.com/style/cross-references#references-to-other-documents

Please update all the external links in this doc accordingly
